Expose partition_uuid in sys.shards (#17099)
crate/crate: docs/admin/system-information.rst

    * - ``partition_ident``
      - The partition ident of a partitioned table. Empty for non-partitioned tables.
      - ``TEXT``

>     * - ``index_uuid``
>       - Internal id for the index the shard is part of.

Reviewer: I'd like to avoid exposing this as `index_` as this is very implementation detail and may also confuse other uses of this (lucene index, column index). Or any better suggestion?
```suggestion
    * - ``storage_uuid``
      - Internal id for the storage entity (table or partition) the shard is part of.
```

Reviewer: Sounds good!
